{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Read Me. \
\
Redzone Controller creates new products by downloading the complete products data set from SAP models defined in other code areas. It transforms each product into a Redzone Product with three major files: Products.csv, Locations.csv, and Segments.csv. It contains numerous tables of static data and mainly works off index values of arrays, similar to how an excel based data program would work. Creating objects would be a cleaner way to do this, and less error prone, however this controller serves its purpose, and won\'92t need to be heavily modified later. \
\
Upkeep syncs \'91meters\'92 from the factory floor and Redzone so that time based triggers within Upkeep itself. Demonstrates an understanding of basic API\'92s and integrations. Simple and should be expanded to catch edge cases. \
\
Data Reports Run Quantities functions to take multiple different product codes and extract categories from the data included in the product code (Lids, Bottles, Labels, etc). It includes testing for many different cases and within our dataset was able to catch and classify all product codes into correct categories. \
\
Data Reports Shipping Targets is a custom report for integration with a custom dashboard in other areas of the code. \
\
\ul Excluded from this list for security reasons: \ulnone \
\
Scheduling Calendar (Automated)\
Shipping/Receiving Logic\
Javascript/Web overhaul pages\
SAP data integrations \
}